[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You know, really, there
should be no other form
of life, right?
There just should just
be conscious life, right?
That we are actually
pure consciousness.
And so when we come
here living the life
that we come here
to live, it should
be one of full wakefulness.
And so it's a great
joy and a great honor
to be able to share
the content with you
that we will get to
connect on today.
So are you enjoying
the conference so far?
Yes?
Fabulous, fabulous.
So it is a conversation that
I've been in my whole life.
I was raised in a natural
health care environment.
My father was a pioneer
in energy medicine,
long before it was even
called energy medicine.
And he worked with
natural healing techniques
and found the common
theme underneath everyone
who healed as they
healed-- why they healed
had to do with
how the energy was
flowing through their system,
how energy was moving.
And then he started to recognize
that the thing that interrupted
the energy flow more
than anything else
was emotional unresolvedness.
Basically, if someone
experienced something
that they were then unable
to metabolize emotionally--
they didn't understand it,
they couldn't wrap their mind
around it, they couldn't
embrace it in some way,
they kind of shoved
it back in the pocket
and then it got left
there for later, right?
And the problem is that you
just keep shoving things
in the pocket for later,
and pretty soon the pockets
get full.
And what he found basically was
that that unresolved residue
of energetic emotional
energy was ultimately
the cause for the blockage
of flow through the system.
So I was raised in
that environment.
I've never gone to the doctor
and taken an antibiotic
for a health concern.
I've never had a
prescription drug of any kind
and I'm 86 years old.
And--
[LAUGHTER]
So what we know--
I'm not 86 years old, no.
I'm only 83.
But I look pretty
good for 86, don't I?
So I never understood why
people lie about their age going
the other direction.
It's like, you say you're
86 and people are like, wow,
oh you look great!
So I'm not 86, but I am younger
today than I was 20 years ago.
I'm more flexible,
I'm more pliable,
I do 10 times more
than I did 20,
30 years ago when
I opened my clinic
and started treating patients.
I would see about
60 patients a day,
and I'd have to take a
nap at lunchtime just
to get through the
afternoon patients,
and I'm 24, 26, 30 years old.
And so what happened
in my life is something
that I know everyone
is ultimately
interested in having happen.
What happened in my life is what
every out-of-body experiencer
wants to experience.
Every near-death experience
is an access to the same thing
that I'm going to
speak to you about.
And this happened in my life,
and it happened in my life
in a different fashion, but
it happened nonetheless.
So I'm friends with
Anita Moorjani,
you know who she is with
her "Dying to Be Me"
and her experiences
in that realm,
and bringing the
capacity to heal oneself
back here into this
dimension and being
able to share that
information with others.
I'm friends with
Eben Alexander--
you know who that is with "Proof
of Heaven" and "Map of Heaven,"
the works that he has
been working with.
I'm getting ready to release
a book with Simon & Schuster
in a couple of weeks,
actually, and in that, I
am referring to you
the kinds of things
that we need to do in order to
have those kinds of experiences
without leaving the
body, without having
a near-death
experience, et cetera.
Are you familiar with
Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor who
wrote "My Stroke of Insight?"
So she wrote the
foreword to the book,
and the reason for that I'm
sharing all of this information
with you is that each
of these individuals
are bringing forth very
important information,
as well as many others.
But in particular, they're
on my mind this morning
because of the common
ground that they stand on.
And what it has to
do with us is is us
awakening to the greater
version of who we are.
I came in last night
to watch Marianne
give her presentation--
were you guys here for that?
Yeah, fabulous.
And I was sitting
in the audience
and I looked back here
and saw this image back
on the background--
on the background wall.
And I recognized that that
image is this image here
that I'm going to share some
information with you about.
And this information
was channeled
in to our world in the
1920s, and that information
was about accessing
the higher self.
So someone painted an original
drawing, an original painting
of that information because
they were accessing it
in their own meditation, in
their consciousness, et cetera.
And what they're
actually referencing is
is that this is a
depiction of what
we've learned as
Christed consciousness
or Buddhic
consciousness, et cetera.
And ultimately, every
single one of us
is destined to
recognize that this
is the truth of who we are.
It's not something that
we can go to and perceive
and see and experience.
It's actually supposed to be
come from, and a few thousand
years ago on every
aspect of our planet,
this information
was being revealed.
And it was showing us
that we have the capacity
to elevate our awareness,
to elevate our consciousness
to such a high
vibrational frequency,
that we can perceive beyond
a world of either/or,
beyond a world of survivorship,
beyond a world of disease
and conflict and disagreement
and discordant energies.
That it's only a
level of consciousness
that ultimately determines
the life experience
that we are having.
And if we are not elevated to
a higher or higher or higher
level of consciousness,
we spend our lives
trying to outrun disease,
trying to fix problems,
trying to identify what is
broken, what is missing,
or what is wrong.
And the bottom line
is, none of that
is what we're supposed
to be interested in.
None of that is what we're
supposed to be pursuing.
We have a culture--
we have developed a culture that
is so interested in diagnosing
problems and then fixing
them, that all we get good at
is diagnosing problems and
getting gooder, gooder,
and gooder at fixing them,
getting better and better
at finding the
solution to a problem.
What's wrong?
What did I do?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with this?
And that being our
come-from is part
of why we never land in a
higher or higher or higher
level of consciousness.
Think about it as
consciousness is here
where we are finding
these dualistic issues
and merging and melding
plans and programs into place
to fix them, to
correct for them,
to add to them the
byproduct that is required.
And instead, what
we need to be doing
is asking completely
different questions,
spending our energy in
completely different
directions, focusing our
attention from a different part
of who we are.
So I'm going to
share with you today
how we can do that in
a very user-friendly,
highly-functional way that will
create a shift in our own life
experience, and even more
importantly or as importantly,
I should say, also
create a shift
in the consciousness
of our families
and our communities
and consciousness
at large for humanity.
Because we are
ultimately destined
to be operating at a
much different level
of consciousness
than our parents
and their parents and their
parents set into place.
So let me just start with saying
that I appreciate being invited
here to speak, and it's a joy to
share this information anywhere
that I go.
I have this
conversation every day,
and it's always more fun
when somebody is in the room
to have it with, right?
So I'm glad you're
here, all right?
[LAUGHS]
So I want you to get that
everything is energy.
Everything is just
energy and energy
is vibrating in
different frequencies.
And those different
frequencies are
things that we have access to.
In fact, we are
supposed to have access
to every vibrational frequency
and use it to our advantage,
and we have not been trained
to do that-- we do not
know how to do that.
And so we are stumbling
around in the dark trying
to figure out how
to get through life
and how to access some greater
version of living life.
We then turn to
meditation or we turn
to these out-of-body
experiences or we
try to access something through
prayer or through affirmations
or confirmations in some way.
And what we have
to do is realize
that there is an entirely
different perspective that
is available to us.
So let's just look
at it this way.
It's kind of like when
we come here, we land--
it's kind of a rough landing.
It's kind of like we slide
in and we kind of splat.
And in that splat,
our mind goes one way,
our body goes another
way, and our breath
goes a different way, and
the whole spirit is just
kind of hanging out, waiting to
see if it's ever actually going
to be safe to come on in.
It's just kind of
hanging out waiting.
And so what we have
to recognize is
that we spend our lives trying
to pull ourselves back together
again from this splat.
And when we do, then
mind and body and breath
begin to function together.
And when they
function together, we
pick up so much more
momentum than we have ever
been able to experience
in any other fashion.
And so our process
today is going
to be about exactly
how that happens,
how we can have that
happen for ourselves easily
and consistently
and so much more.
What happened with
me was in my splat,
I became very
intimidated about life.
I was completely
afraid in the world.
I slept on the floor
of my closet as a kid
because I only had to look one
direction and just to be safe.
And so completely
intimidated, et cetera.
So in view of that, I
became perfectionistic,
trying really hard to
do the right thing,
to be a good person, to
show up, be a good daughter,
be a good sister, be a good
student, be a good everything.
And so that worked right
up until it didn't, OK?
And when it doesn't, it
doesn't because we will never
be fulfilled when we
are approaching life
from a perspective like that.
Fulfillment-- success, yes;
fulfillment, not so much.
You got it?
Success, good at something,
yeah; fulfillment
in life, not happening.
So what happened for me was then
I became drawn to meditation.
And instantly when
I began meditating,
I had transcendent experiences.
The very first time I closed
my eyes and were in a room
about this size
filled with people--
about half this size, actually,
I dropped into a state
and saw what is referenced
as the blue pearl.
Are you familiar
with the blue pearl?
OK.
So I later recognized--
I didn't even know that
that was a thing to--
a destination.
Thank goodness I didn't
know it was a destination
to try to achieve because
I would have spent
my life trying, and
when you're trying,
it's not going to
happen, because
the vibrational
frequency of trying
is not the vibrational
frequency of access,
it's not the vibrational
frequency of having.
You tracking with me?
You got this?
All right?
So in this, I came
out of that meditation
and described it to the
person who was assisting
the leader of the meditation.
And his eyes were kind of big
and reported it to the teacher.
The next thing I
knew, I got invited
to come to India to study.
And in the period
between that invitation
and the time I went to India,
I went to a few more meditation
retreats.
And the very next one I
had another transcendent
experience, and
the very next one,
I had an experience of
this, which is what this is.
Which is accessing the higher
self, the atman, the monad.
It's the Godhead, it is the
Christ and consciousness.
And so as this--
and the Buddhic consciousness.
And as I was in that state, it
was a tremendous, tremendously
life-changing experience.
And I'm going to share
just a little bit of that
with you, but I just
want to give you this--
I want to back up here with
a little background saying
that as the perfectionist, I
was always trying to be good,
do the right thing, help
others, and all that stuff.
Anybody relate to that?
Be a good person, do
the-- or is it just me?
OK, let me see a
show of hands here.
OK, now I know I'm
amongst friends.
Cool.
So what I recognized was
that I was always trying,
and so did the teacher that
was leading these meditation
retreats.
And so she gave me
a list of things
to do that was literally
impossible to do
in the amount of time that
she gave me to do it, OK?
Perfect setup.
So after about two nights of
staying up almost all night
with an hour of sleep trying
to get these things done
on this list at this meditation
retreat that I was attending,
I finally on the third day
recognized I can't do this.
I own a clinic, I'm
running up and down
the halls of the clinic all
the time treating the patients
and managing a staff and other
doctors constantly all week
long, and here I am
on the weekend going
to these meditation
retreats and I'm just
doing the same thing again.
So she was onto me, and now I
was kind of getting onto me.
And I recognize, OK, hmm.
So in that moment, I was running
around behind the scenes,
I said--
well, I can't tell you what
I said because it was--
but it was very specific.
[LAUGHTER]
And it very much
anchored my consciousness
in a different direction.
It was a couple of words,
and it ended in "it,"
and I just was not doing
this anymore, basically.
You follow what I'm saying?
I just was done being the
do-gooder, the be-all,
end-all for everything
that I ever encountered.
And so in the midst of that,
I went into the ballroom
where everybody was sitting and
having this lovely experience
of meditation and
chanting and the candles
were there and the music--
you know, it was all of that.
And so I sat down and tried to
share this chant with everyone
that was chanting.
And it was Sanskrit terms, which
I was not aware of at the time,
wasn't familiar, had
never taken a for myself
in a moment like that ever.
And so all my energy--
and I'm telling you
this for a reason
because it's part
of your recipe,
it's part of where you have
to begin to acclimate in order
to have what you're
here to have,
what you're on this
planet to have.
There's a certain
recipe that you
have to be able to
implement, and it's
a vibrational, energetic recipe.
It's not about the doing,
it's about the being.
It's about who are you being
while you're doing what you're
doing in order to get the
vibrational combination
lock to open so that you can
arrive at your own true self.
Does that makes sense?
OK?
So here I was sitting
down for the first time
focusing on Sanskrit terms
which I did not know,
trying to hold these
tones in in a chant that
was Om Namah Shivaya.
Does anybody recognize
Om Namah Shivaya?
OK.
So in that, it was
brand new to me.
Try to remember the first time
that you ever saw or heard
those words, it's like what--
what's this world?
And I came out of
science, so my idea
of what you do to
get an outcome,
well it's very different
than doing nothing, right?
It's like, nah.
So much so that I had--
you get it?
Right?
As a doctor you don't
sit there and do nothing
when a patient comes
and-- or actually, I
didn't know that you
could, but at the time
it was all about the doing,
to get to fix, to heal, to do
something to help that.
And so in this moment
I was learning how to
not, and I didn't
know that that's
what I was learning how to do.
And so in that, I continued
to chant this chant
and try to hold the tones
as long as these people were
holding them and take the deep
breaths that were required
to do that, which was
slowing down my breath,
slowing down my mind, because
when you slow your breath,
you slow your mind.
You breathe slower,
your mind slows down.
You start running
into story and you
want to slow that down, you
start slowing and deepening
your breath and it's
going to happen.
So I didn't know
that at the time.
So what I also didn't
know was the applications
of quantum science into the
whole mix, which I look forward
to sharing with you today.
So there I am
chanting this chant,
and concentrating on
me for the first time.
It's going to be about me, I'm
just claiming this for myself.
And the next thing, I knew I was
transported into this dimension
here.
I woke up here as this.
I woke up as this.
I was me, but I wasn't
in a physical body.
I was literally a
golden ray of light.
And I could see the
earth beneath me
about the size of a marble,
and I was embedded into it
up to about what would
have been my knees,
and I could see 360 degrees
in every direction--
actually, in every direction
in a spherical sense.
Without moving my
eyes, I could see here
and see there and be back here.
And it was a light so
brilliantly bright,
it was 10 times brighter
than the brightest day
in the desert I had ever seen.
And there was a horizon,
and beneath the horizon
there was a really
a bright light.
But the light above
it was brighter,
but the light below it
was very bright as well.
And this beautiful, pink,
iridescent, translucent
horizon, a blanket--
a pink blanket of
light was laying there.
And every time I
took a breath in,
it would raise up like this.
And as I would exhale, it would
just lower right back down.
And as I would inhale
again, it would just rise.
And I had free will.
Because I noticed this and I
could start playing with it.
I could breathe big and
it would come up big,
and I could breathe a little
and it would come up a little,
and I was aware that
all I was was awareness,
that I had been there all along.
This was the sensation.
I had always been there,
there was nowhere to go,
there was nothing to do,
there was nothing to fix,
there was nothing to become.
It was complete, I
was complete, whole,
and completely fulfilled,
satisfied, satiated--
you got it, right?
There was nothing missing,
nothing broken, nothing wrong.
And in that, I knew that
every time I took a breath,
this brilliant light was
coming through this ray
and was being transformed into
a vibrational frequency of love.
And that love was
going to the planet.
And I knew that every single
one of us was exactly that.
That that was all that we were.
And that the degree to which
we were allowing ourselves
to breathe and to
simply be, it would
enhance the amount of light that
could come through this system
and ultimately land
in this destination
that we would reference
as the third dimension,
as this physical realm
that we are operating in.
Tracking with me?
This is who we are, this is all
we are, and it is magnificent.
It is complete and
whole, and what happens
is, we as consciousness traverse
that system and land here,
and we forget--
we forget that that's
what it's all about.
Because the landing,
the compression
into the physical dimension
is a little intense
to maintain the
vibratory frequency
of those elevated states.
But our job is to come in
here and pierce ourselves
into the density and return to
remembering the truth of who
we are so that we can light
up the density simply by being
here, simply by remembering.
And the busier we
get at doing to try
to accomplish or achieve or
fit in or belong or do or prove
or affect something, the more we
squeeze down and compress down
our ability to do that,
our ability to allow
happen what is intended to be
happening just by our presence
here.
You got this?
So literally by
doing less busyness,
we are able to allow
this flow to occur.
So what I knew in that
moment was this-- that's it.
That's exactly all
that we have to do,
and we have to completely
live from that disposition
no matter what.
And so I came back
into the room,
and I don't know how long
I was in that state--
it didn't matter because
I'm still in that state
and I've always
been in that state.
And then as I
remembered that that's
the truth of what's
happening there,
it is allowed to happen here
through this very conversation,
through this.
What happens is a
transmission, what
happens is an activation
of you on a cellular level,
on a very DNA level.
We are activating and
transmuting discordant energies
and allowing the truth to be
aligned again, to be remembered
and to be awakened
within our system.
Got that?
Tracking?
OK.
So as we do so, what happens
is everything changes.
We start to pull ourselves
back from the splat.
I want to just share with you
for a moment how it works.
Basically your mind operates
like a really rapidly-moving
ceiling fan, it's just
spinning and spinning
and spinning and spinning.
And it's spinning so
fast, that the real you,
this essential self
that is here harbored
underneath your thinking mind
can't begin to get through.
So when we meditate,
we try to stop that
so that this can get through.
If we're not very
good at meditating,
that's a little trickier.
But there are other things
that we can do essentially
to slow the mind
down enough that we
can get in tandem with
it and sneak through
and experience ourselves
beyond the thinking mind, OK?
As we do so, anything
and everything
that we can do to allow the
mind to be stilled or slowed
allows this essential
self, the true you,
to rise up through that and
have an experience of yourself
as these pictures are depicting.
So this is the real you.
And what we have
to do, and what I'm
going to be teaching more so
in the workshop on Monday here,
is how to allow what I'm
describing to take place
more easily, more
readily, more quickly,
more efficiently,
more effectively.
And so what we
have to do is start
to have an understanding about
how it all works together.
So it's easy-- and I'm
certainly not the first person
to stand here and speak
about we are rays of light,
we are here to
allow love and light
to pass through our
system, and the degree
to which we can do
that allows us to heal,
and it allows us to have a
healing and unifying effect
on everyone around us.
And it allows us to
dial into a frequency
where we can think
in terms of both/and,
and we can think in terms
of unity consciousness,
and we can bring pieces
and people and places
and circumstances together
in a frequency that serves.
We can return to our true self.
I'm certainly not the
first person to say that,
but what happened in my life
after what I experienced
might make a difference
in your life,
and that's why I'm here today.
Because I spent the
next 10 years of my life
figuring out how to return
to this state on command,
how to be in this place.
And what I recognized was that
we don't live in our bodies.
We don't live in a
grounded-enough way
to allow our consciousness
to rise to such frequencies.
And so consequently,
we are obsessed
with an out-of-body experience
or a near-death experience
in order to have some
semblance of this experience,
to have access to it.
You follow?
And so what happens is, we can't
do it necessarily on command.
We can't get there from here
because, folks, our destination
is to come here.
The thing is, we're
seeking spirit.
And what we have to
recognize is that we
are made of that
which we are seeking,
which is why we do not find
it when we set out to find it.
We are what we're looking for.
So it's not out
there, it's in here.
So the first time somebody
said, all of your answers
are inside you, like
grasshopper, right?
I look and I'm like, great.
I got this question, I
look inside for the answer,
I can't see the answer, now
I'm double-duped, right?
There's a question,
and I apparently
don't have the
answer, so now I'm
doubly fearful, doubly
afraid or questioning
my whole perspective.
And so what I began
to recognize was
that we do not have access to
these out-of-body experiences
or these near-death
experiences in the exception
of circumstances
causing that to happen
coincidentally or perhaps
in certain vibrational
states as well.
But what I also find is
that the individual who
has those experiences
doesn't necessarily
embody the experience,
and doesn't necessarily
heal themselves because of
it, and doesn't necessarily
allow it or know how to
have it serve their life
experience in such a fashion
that they are grounded
and they are effective
and they are more
governing of their life
experience and creative
and manifesting the
things, the life that they
would like to be manifesting.
And so what I know is that all
of it is supposed to happen.
That we are supposed to
have enlightenment which
is what happened in
this moment for me,
but we're also supposed
to engage in embodiment
if we truly want it to make
a difference in our life
here on Earth.
So you are made of spirit.
Your destination is to
become fully spirit, fully
who you are in this
body, in this form.
So are you familiar
with epigenetics?
Epigenetics?
OK, so epigenetics
is, of course, the--
anybody not familiar
with epigenetics?
Because I'm happy to roll--
OK.
So let me just say that
it is this study that
is revealing to us that our
genetic inheritance is not
the be-all, end-all when
it comes to their health
conditions that we will have,
the way that we will manifest
in our lives, the way that
things will go, what we can
anticipate, our characteristics,
our qualities, et cetera.
It's a default mechanism.
It's not the one that we're
supposed to be utilizing,
but it is there.
And so the very
next thing that we
are recognizing
through epigenetics
is that what
governs the behavior
of the cell inside
the body, what
governs the behavior is the
environment, not your DNA
inheritance.
And so there are little antennas
on the surface of your cells,
little antennas that are picking
up vibratory frequencies,
little radio
station frequencies.
And the message, the
quality of the message that
is received from
that antenna is going
to determine what goes
on inside that cell.
What gets turned on, what
chemistries start happening,
what chemicals that cell
produces, et cetera.
So I want you to get
that basically you
are a cosmic being, you are
made of every single vibrational
frequency that exists.
And your job here on Earth
is to develop your ability
to perceive that, and to
receive the cosmic information
the universal
intelligence that is
trying to bombard your
system every millisecond, OK?
And in doing so, that process
is going to allow you to heal.
It's going to allow
you to awaken.
It is going to allow you to be
the being that you came here
to be.
So epigenetics is
one of the ways
that this is starting
to take place,
and I'm going to tie these
things together for you.
So epigenetics is showing us
that the antennas on the cell,
they transfer information inside
the cell from outside the cell,
and then the cell shows up
and produces a life on Earth
in a way that's in
accordance with the message
that it's receiving.
So basically, what
it's telling us
is that we aren't driving
our lives most effectively.
We don't drive our
lives from our mind
that tells our body what to do.
Our body is
receiving information
that tells our mind
what to do if we're
using our circuits properly.
Does that make sense?
It's in reverse.
That's why we are destined
to change how we are living.
So here's how it works.
There are 11 billion
bits of information
that are bombarding your
energy field every millisecond.
11 billion bits of information
that are bombarding you every
millisecond.
Now, your mind can only handle
like 11 of those and only
one-and-a-half at a time, OK?
But where those 11 billion
bits of information land
is actually in your gut.
So when you make a decision
based on your gut feelings,
you're making a decision based
on billions of times more
information than your analytical
mind is trying to process, OK?
So obviously we need to
become more able to sense
and to perceive and to
feel those 11 billion bits
of information
that are coming in.
You've got this?
This is what I started coming
upon when I wanted to reproduce
this experience for myself.
When I wanted to
reproduce that, I
had to recreate what were
the circumstances that
were going on in the moment
that that first lit up.
What was happening to me?
Well I was sitting down,
staking a claim for myself
for the first time in my life
in a way bigger than anything
I had ever done before.
I was breathing in
a different pattern
than I had ever done before.
I was sending a vibrational
tone through my body,
through these sacred chants
of Sanskrit that were--
they were new to me,
but at the moment
I started doing all
those things together,
there was a combination
lock that opened up,
and I shot out through my
believing perfectionistic
trying--
over-trying mind and found
the truth of who I am.
And so this was made
accessible because
of a vibrational recipe.
You get that?
So 11 billion bits
of information,
this is what I
began to discover.
I had to be in my
body to receive--
to perceive what was going on.
If I was floating around
or living in my head,
it never worked.
When we're living in our
heads, we're not in our body,
and here's what I
want you to get.
This entire body, this
entire physicality
is compressed energy.
Your body is compressed energy.
You are made of infinite
energy of the unified field,
and to create physical matter--
this is just a law of physics--
to create physical matter, all
they do is compress energy.
Physical matter is
compressed energy.
So when you are in a body,
you have compressed yourself
into this state, into this
dimension to get here--
it's a compressive force.
And so when you're
here, you feel confined,
you feel compressed,
because you are, OK?
But if you had an understanding
about how to work with that,
it becomes beneficial to you.
You see that it's a way
of grounding yourself
energetically.
It's a way of
anchoring yourself here
so that you can
continue to perceive
the rest of who you are.
So that you come into
this physical world,
and the rest of you can
come sooner than later.
But right now
what's happening is,
we're operating as just this.
In fact, we're
operating as just that
without even realizing
how energy flows
and who you really are
as an energy being.
So I want to share with you
what I came to recognize,
that every single one of these
layers that we call the Chakra
system, they don't
just represent
colors and musical
notes that you
want to activate in
one way or another,
they are representing
levels of awareness,
levels of consciousness.
There are levels
of consciousness
associated with each layer
of your body this way.
So you are this huge
array of light--
this, this is this, OK?
You are this dropping in to the
Earth, and you hit the Earth,
and then you rise back up.
And the idea is, can you rise
and awaken to who you are?
If you can, you'll keep
awakening all the way up
to this Godhead, up to
your own higher self.
You will be able to do that.
If you can't do that,
there's a reason.
And it isn't because you're
broken or something's missing
or you're just too wobbly.
That you just don't-- well, it
might be because you're wobbly,
but I'm going to show
you how to fix that, OK?
I'm going to show you what
wobbly is all about, all right?
So here's what happens.
This energy is you.
So the energy of energy
medicine is the real you.
The energy of consciousness, of
meditation, it's the real you.
It isn't something
you're trying to access,
and this is what we have
to change if we're ever
going to develop as a
conscious community in the way
that we are ultimately
destined to develop.
If we are to truly own who
we are and what we're doing
and why we're here
and how to proceed
as a multidimensional
being operating
in the third
dimension masterfully,
then we're going to have to
change some radical things.
Because what quantum
science is teaching
us is that there is only one
of us here, and that it's you.
[LAUGHS] When I first heard
that, I'm like, which one of us
is it?
You know?
I feel like I'm here.
Do you feel like you're here?
You know?
Like, which one?
Because we're so used
to operating this way.
We're used to being
a separate self,
we're used to being an
isolated entity that's
trying to connect,
when in actuality,
all we need to do is stop
separating ourselves so much
and allow the union that
we're made of to have its way.
In order to do that, you have
to slow down the ceiling fan.
You have to slow it down, OK?
So in the process of doing
that, what happens is,
we have to kick in to
allowing this exact process
to take place.
Here's what happens.
You compress yourself in order
to go to the third dimension.
I have active memory of the
moment that I chose to become.
And it was as if
a word was spoken,
and the word was, yes, I am, OK?
It was as if that was spoken.
It felt through my system
just like a huge command
was happening, and I
was in response to that.
So it was a moment of
choosing to become.
The next thing
that I experienced
was a tremendous dissension--
dropping and dropping
and dropping and dropping
and dropping and
landing in the womb.
I have memory of
being in the womb,
just sitting exactly like this.
Completely aware that this was
a gig, this was my journey,
this was my choice,
and I'm ready to roll.
And then coming
through the birth
canal, another
compression, I completely
forgot about it, all right?
You ever been in
an elevator that's
just too packed to even think?
It's like here, right?
This is what we're doing here.
We're too compressed
and too packed
in to have it really
be accessible.
To have the vibrational
frequency, moving enough
to be able to perceive it.
Get this-- you are 10
to 100 to 10,000 times
more sensory than motor
in your nervous system.
You are a sensory
being by design,
but we are obsessed
with what to do--
motor action, what do I
do to make life better.
You're a sensory being.
The object is, I have to
learn how to perceive more.
I have to learn how to perceive
the subtle anatomy of me.
Because this is
who we have thought
we are, and this
is actually who we.
Are a subtle energy being.
We are a spirit being.
I have access to perceiving
what is referenced
as the Holy Ghost, this
holy, misty substance,
this white, misty substance
that exists throughout-- inside
and outside this body.
I have access to that, and
when I dial my mind into it
and follow it, it
leads me in the path
that is the ultimate
destination of my life.
And this is what I
want every human being
to begin to have access to,
because we're built for it.
We're not only built for
it, we're built of it,
and we just have
never been taught
how to masterfully manage it--
manage the system,
the faculties,
the abundant, magnificent
aspects of our wholeness
and pull them together
in one unified fashion.
So those are the kinds
of things that I'm
going to start teaching
in the workshop
when we have a
little bit more time.
But what I want you
to get right now
is that you compress
yourself, you
descend into this dimension,
and you hit the ground
and you rise back up.
And if you have the
circuitry in place,
both electromagnetic
circuitry and neurocircuitry,
but the electromagnetic
circuitry
is more important than
your nervous system,
did you know that?
Did you know that there's a
system running your body that
is more profoundly significant
than your nervous system--
than your brain?
Because we are so
obsessed with studying
the brain and its processing,
the electromagnetic energy
system, the system
that you truly are,
the electromagnetic energy
system built the nervous system
in the developing embryo, OK?
Think about it.
So it not only built it, it
controls it, it manages it.
It gives it instructions.
The nervous system is
constantly responding to that.
Those little messages
that the antennas
on the surface of yourself, you
know what they're picking up?
They're picking up
electromagnetic energy
waveforms.
That's what they're picking up.
It's you.
It's the real you.
It's that invisible you, the
spirit self, the higher self.
The one that got thrown under
the bus when you started
getting made fun of for all
the things that you knew
or that you were
aware of or that--
those little inklings
or those hunches
or the imagination
or the gut feeling?
All of that is you.
It's the real you.
And your mind has been clueless.
When we landed and
we splatted, we
came up attached to the mind.
We think we are the mind, and
we have to get it off of us
and teach it that it's to serve
us instead of it controlling
us, you follow?
Einstein says that we were
given this beautiful gift
of the intuitive-- actually,
you are the intuitive--
and you were given
this less rational mind
to act as its loyal servant.
And we've developed a culture
that honors the servant instead
of the gift, you got that?
I mean, of course
you guys get that,
because you're at a
Conscious Life Expo--
you're onto it, right?
We're like, yeah, gotcha, OK?
I got you, too, and I
know how to teach you how
to do something about all that.
And that's why I'm here, OK?
So here's what happens.
If we don't have the circuitry
in place to masterfully manage
this energy, then the
energy just wobbles and gets
dispersed and gets splatted,
and that's the life
that we've been living.
We've been living life
dispersed and splatted,
making our best
efforts every time
we could come into contact
with something that
seemed like a good idea,
that something that seemed
like that's surely must be
how I'm supposed to operate,
and I have to do more of
this and less of that.
No, no, no, it's more of
this and less of that--
no, no, it's some of
this and some of that--
and we get confused.
We don't know how to operate,
and we can't make sense out
of all of the varied
instructions out there.
So I just want you to get this.
You've got this.
All you have to do is
come home to yourself.
drop inside your body,
learn to breathe in your belly,
learn to hook up circuitry
So that this system can
operate the way that it
was designed to.
Interestingly, the indigenous
peoples lived this way,
but we became more advanced.
Or shall we say lost?
And the idea is this--
we want to put our
advancements together
with our indigenous truth.
And when we put them
together, everything
begins to make sense.
We begin to roll in a very
different way in this life.
So here's how it works.
You drop in, you hit the Earth,
you rise up through this.
You get as high as you can
given the circuits that you have
in place, and then the
energy starts to fall around,
and then you just recycle it
and recycle it and recycle it.
Does that make sense?
All right?
So this creates ultimately
the whole physical body.
It creates a place,
a space where
these levels of consciousness
can coalesce and exist
and kind of organize.
And then depending
upon how much we
awaken in the
course of our life,
we can shoot up higher before
it falls around, et cetera.
Here's what happens.
When we don't have the idea
that our personal power,
for instance, and
our ability to love
are supposed to
be connected, when
we don't have that as a
walking, working reality,
we think we either have
to be loving or powerful,
or we'll be a doormat.
You follow?
So we jump to our power so
that we're not a doormat.
Or we don't realize
that relationship,
which is kind of where the
second chakra area is starting
to speak into--
not just relationship
with people,
but relationship with time,
relationship with space,
relationship with the
mind, the relationship
between the spirit, the
soulful self, and the mind--
all these relationships
are qualified
in this energy of the second
chakra area, that second chakra
level.
So if that's not connected
to your personal power
or if it's not connected to your
groundedness, then what happens
is, this rising energy
starts to pick up a wobble.
It's like there is a
gap in the circuitry.
And it starts to
pick up a wobble--
some of you can see this--
the gaps in circuitry start
to cause this to wobble.
When this wobbles, this
field becomes distorted.
When that field
becomes distorted,
your standing with
your awareness
inside here looking out
through a distorted field.
The field of energies that
you're looking through
is distorted itself,
and so you see
things that validate your
greatest fears, or that
validate your
inconsistencies, or that
validate your insecurities.
And so it continues to
perpetuate the cycle,
particularly when we
are oriented to receive
and perceive from
the outer world.
There's an area in your brain
called the Cave of Brahma that
is constantly receiving--
it's the third ventricle.
Inside the third ventricle, the
pineal gland sits in the back,
and it's sitting as
if it's in the back
of a cave, a small cave,
and it's just sitting there.
And the pineal gland-- did
you know that the pineal is
made of rods and cones?
The light receptor cells
similar to your eyeballs?
Did you know that?
Now I've got to tell you
the significance of this.
All right?
It's super cool.
I loved it when I
first studied this.
The light that-- there
is no window, right?
There's nose socket for
it to look at anything.
And so what is it perceiving?
Well it's perceiving
light, but it's
perceiving light of
a higher frequency
than we see with our
two physical eyes, OK?
We have a non-physical
eye, an eye
that sees the etheric, the
ether-- the ethereal world.
And it is that which
opened in me that
allowed me to remember this.
And so being raised in a
natural health care environment,
working with patients in a
natural healing capacity,
I turn my life into
a living laboratory
to figure out how to
codify, how to work
with exactly what is required
to get this foundation
stable enough that my system--
that your system could
perceive opening that third eye
and being able to receive
or perceive yourself
as the multidimensional
being that you are.
When there's a wobble
here, the third eye
won't open unless,
of course, you
take something that
makes it open, which
is another popular fad
that we're into right now
with ayahuasca and
mushrooms and all
of these-- the
psychotropic drugs--
this whole thing is all seeking
the very thing I started
speaking about today.
We want to know who we are.
And all you have to do
is accept and drop in
and come home to yourself
in such a fashion
that that knowing is automatic.
You are given
everything that you
need to have that knowing
you are you are made of it,
you got that?
You're made of it.
So it isn't something
out there to go
pursue, it's something
to drop in here
and feel and sense and find.
You're a sensory being.
You are built to be able to
sense the billions of bits
of information
that are bombarding
your system every
millisecond, and you
are built to be able
to self-administer,
build the circuitry to
rise without a wobble.
And when you rise
without the wobble
you create a stable
enough foundation
that your third eye
can vibrationally
we get tapped and open.
And as it opens, you
become aware of the truth
of who you are.
We have no idea walking
around on this planet
as the masses are of
what I'm talking about.
The masses do not know
this, but know this--
they are holding a space
for you to awaken to it.
And here's what I mean.
There are people
that are carrying
a vibrational frequency
that is grounded,
that is heavier than the
frequencies of those who
meditate, those who
are capturing the yes,
those that are exploring
and expounding and finding
their own divine presence
and embodying it.
They are able to find that
because of opposing vibrations.
Does that make sense?
OK?
So let me say it this way.
The tree deepens its roots
so that it can grow taller.
You have to deepen your
roots to grow taller.
So the one being
that is our culture
collectively is
being depicted to you
by people who would not be
sitting in this room today,
would not be interested in
this kind of a conversation,
they are the grounders.
You follow?
They actually are allowing you
to raise your own consciousness
higher because of the density
that they are holding.
You follow?
And we have a prejudice
against density, all right?
Don't go home and
say, oh you must
be one of my dense friends.
[LAUGHTER]
OK?
Because it's not going
to be well-received, OK?
It's not going to go
in like I mean it.
But I want you to get this on a
personal level, it's also true.
Inside of you, the same
thing is happening.
There are parts
of you that aren't
ready to elevate because
the circuits aren't
in place to feel a
stabilized sense of self.
It gets too wobbly and
you get freaked out,
so you back off
a little bit, OK?
So what we have to do is learn
that everything is energy.
It's energy-- it's not
story, it's energy.
It's just energy.
It's not drama,
it's just energy.
It's not pain, it's just energy.
It's not that
you're left behind,
it's just an energy
that you're feeling.
It's not that you're angry,
you're feeling an energy.
It's not that you're afraid,
it's a certain vibration.
And we have to learn how to
create an environment where
unity consciousness
exists where you are not
prejudice against
any vibration that
passes through your system.
Because all of them
are required for you
to awaken to the truth of
who you are-- literally,
physically, they're
all required.
Let me explain, OK?
I'm getting a little
passionate about this.
Arrgh!
OK?
I get passionate
about it because I
know every single one of you
can have every single thing
that you want.
You can have it.
You can heal your body--
I healed the scoliosis
in my body and my spine.
You know what that is?
Curvature of the spine?
Curvature of the spine that
looked exactly like that
wobble right there.
Turns out, it's exactly--
the physical body
is a reflection
of what's going on
with the energy flowing
through your body.
If you have a hitch
in your get-along
or you have a crick
in your neck or you
have migraine headaches,
which I also had,
there's a reason for it.
It's because the
energy is not flowing
through your system the way that
it is supposed to in that area.
And so your body is compensating
for that, and it's making do,
and you can change
how the energy is
flowing through your body.
You can learn to
build the circuitry,
and that's what I'm
teaching people, OK?
So I have a book coming
out in a couple of weeks
that is all about that.
It's called "The Energy Codes."
You can go online right
now and preorder it.
It's coming out March 19,
and it's filled with how-tos.
How to stop the wobble, how to
build the circuits, et cetera.
So I'm going to share
some of those ideas
with you in the
workshop on Monday,
and I so look forward
to doing that,
because it's
exactly what we need
to know how to do to change
what is happening inside of us.
Let me give you an example.
When you are angry, how many
people like to be angry?
Nobody ever raises your
hand on this, you know.
I get it, all right?
So how many of you like to be
sad or depressed, all right?
It's like, no, we have
our favorites, right?
How many of you
like to be joyful?
Raise your hand.
See?
See how we are?
OK.
So we have a prejudice
against certain energies
and we like other energies,
and this is causing
a huge problem in our culture.
Because if we could just start
to look at it as energy instead
of good ones and bad ones--
good emotions, bad emotions;
good thoughts, bad
thoughts; negative thoughts,
positive thoughts; if we
would stop that and lay it
down and just be
all-embracing of all of us,
then we would start to
model, first of all,
for the universe what unity
consciousness actually is.
And if we would do that,
what comes next is we heal.
What comes next after that
is we heal each other.
We heal because of each other.
We show each other
how to do this.
So think about it this way--
anger, fear, depression,
sadness, angst, worry--
what are some of
your favorite flavors
that you would
avoid at all costs?
What else you got?
Guilt, shame?
Those are great ones.
Great ones.
Pardon?
>> Grief.
Grief, guilt, shame, these
are awesome energies, OK?
And you're like, I was
starting to like her
and now she's
talking really crazy.
All right?
These are awesome
energies because they
are grounding energies.
They're anchoring energies.
They're heavy.
Yeah, they're heavy,
but you know what?
If you had a way
of connecting those
to all of your experiences, your
energies, your emotional states
of elation and bliss and
love and joy and what else?
What are some of
your other favorites?
>> Jealousy.
>> No your-- the other--
I'm at the other end
of the spectrum now.
Jealousy would be
good on the other end.
Ecstasy.
What?
>> Surrender.
>> Surrender, it's
kind of in the middle.
Yeah, that's the bridge, right?
So you get this?
These are
high-frequency energies.
Exaltation, joy,
bliss, delight, love.
These are
high-frequency energies.
And these low-frequency
energies of shame, guilt, fear,
depression, grief, these
are just anchoring energies.
These energies, when
embraced, allow you to root.
When you can come present
to those energies,
your roots go deeper.
When your roots go deeper, you
can have these experiences.
But what's happening
is, our culture
is trying to just have
these without having these.
We try to escape 50%
of the human experience
and expect to be whole.
It will never
happen, folks, never.
Never.
I watched my father in
health care help people
way before energy medicine was a
conversation to be had, and I--
I can't right now,
but I will, OK?
I watched him stick
to the focus of holism
and holistic medicine and
holistic health care in a world
where even holistic health
care practitioners were trying
to get identified by the
allopathic approach that
is a totally opposite direction,
a mechanistic approach.
It will never work.
You will never find the
cure because these diseases
are the cure.
The diseases are an
out-picturing showing you
that you're not
embracing your wholeness.
And if you were
embracing your wholeness,
the condition would go away.
But we name it,
and then we think
it's a thing that we have to
fight against we created it
by naming it.
Don't name it, just feel it.
So I'm going to just take
you through an exercise,
is that OK?
Does that work?
So imagine something
right now that
causes you to feel an
emotion that you don't like.
Anger, fear, hurt,
grief, depression,
sadness, shame, guilt. Pick
your favorite flavor, OK?
Or your least-favorite
flavor, right?
Just think of a situation
and feel the feeling.
Now feel this feeling.
And when you feel
this feeling, notice,
if you take your
attention to the body,
there's an area
inside your body that
is more activated in the middle
of you having this experience.
The middle of you thinking
about this, there's something.
You can get a knot in your
stomach, a lump in your throat,
tightness in your chest--
something happens.
I want you to hug it back, just
squeeze it from the inside.
Just squeeze it,
like OK, got it.
Contact has been made.
My mind is now paying
attention to my body,
and they're going
to work together
to start to shift something, OK?
So when you squeeze
it and then you--
I want you to also hug
your heart on the inside.
And there's some other
practices that I'll do.
Squeeze the muscles in the
base of your pelvic bowl.
It's kind of like a
Kegal exercise, ladies,
if you're familiar with that.
Gentleman, you're about
to learn what a Kegal
exercise is about, all right?
So it's as if you're
going to the bathroom
and you had to stop
the stream right away.
You just have to contract
certain muscles, contract
those muscles.
Just contract it, squeeze it.
What it does is it pulls
you out of your head
and down into your body.
So you squeeze that.
Hug your heart.
Hug this area, squeeze this
area that has a hold of you.
Squeeze this area that has--
that's running your
world right now, OK?
That's in your chest, your
throat, whatever it is,
squeeze it.
And now take a breath
from in the Earth,
up through the squeezed
pelvic bowl-- it's called
Mula Bandha, root lock.
This Kegal exercise, is
pelvic bowl thing, OK?
And breathe up
toward your heart.
You may be coming through the
area that's been activated,
or maybe that area's
above your heart.
Squeeze your heart,
and then exhale up
through this central
channel of your body,
and exhale right out
the top of your head.
And then take an
inhale from overhead,
and breathe right down
through your body.
And hug this area, and hug
your heart, squeeze your heart,
and squeeze these areas in
the base of the pelvic bowl,
and then exhale
down into the Earth.
And now take an inhale
up from the Earth
and breathe right up
to your heart space.
Breathe in the belly, not your
upper lobes of your lungs.
Breathe in the belly, in and
up through your nose only.
And now exhale right up
through the central channel
and out the top of your head.
And lastly, take a
breath in from overhead,
right down through your core,
right through the heart,
and come home for yourself.
Come home-- bring all of
your energy right into this.
It's not an
intellectual process,
it's a felt, intimate,
deep, tender sensation.
Because it matters.
Because you matter.
Because you're the one that's
going to bridge the worlds,
and exhale right into the Earth.
Now you'll notice--
just take a notice.
Think of this situation
and this emotional state.
You'll start to sense and
feel something shows up
a little differently
in the body when
you think of this situation
that carries this emotion.
You follow?
Can you feel a shift?
Anybody feel a shift happen with
the energy that was locked up
in the body in a certain way?
Raise your hands up.
Sweet.
Now look at this.
Look around.
So what this means
is, you're starting
to carve some new energy
based upon a sensation
that you thought you
were supposed to avoid.
But if you can
embrace that situation
and embrace the energy that
goes with it, rather than naming
it and turning it into a story
and then avoiding the story
and having to go through the
linear process which takes
days, weeks, months, decades,
lifetimes to process,
why not just build the circuitry
to keep your energy flowing
in a way that allows this
toric field flow, which
is measurable, toric field flow
to become less wobbly, less
distorted, and become
more and more robust?
Because ultimately,
this toric field flow
gets bigger and
bigger and bigger,
until you are flowing with a
state of consciousness that
is accessing your highest self.
Does that make sense?
Now this is a
grossly-abbreviated version
of what I would
love to teach you,
but I just want you to
get that if you don't name
your emotional states and you
just let yourself feel them--
and don't just observe them,
because the mindfulness
of observation is
great, but it's not
going to build circuitry
as fast as it could.
And there are many,
many ways that you
could build the circuitry
to allow your system
to rise without the wobble,
without the distortion
so that you can
stabilize yourself.
It starts by you
being less prejudiced
about the feelings that
pass through your system
that you don't want to have.
And if you stop not wanting
to have them and start
wanting to have them
because they're actually
the energies that are
going to root you deeper,
that are going to ground
you with more stability
and build a
foundation, what rises
from that new
foundation goes higher
without any kind of distortion
in the field-- it picks up
momentum when your mind and
your body and your breath
work together.
So get this.
Your breath in your body is
spirit in the body, right?
If that doesn't make
sense, just stop
breathing for about 10 minutes.
The next thing you're
going to be very clear on
is where the breath takes you.
You're going to still
exist, but you're not
going to be in the body.
That's how it works.
You're going to be out
here above the body,
because the breath is the
weaver of spirit into form.
So then the real you resides at
the core of this toric field.
The real you is deep
in the still waters
that run way inside, way
underneath the surface.
And so think of it this way.
The soul speaks to the body,
and the body speaks to the mind,
and the mind doesn't listen.
And that's where we're at, OK?
We have to get the mind to
pay attention to the body
so that it can read the language
of the soul that is revealing.
And what happens is these issues
in our lives start becoming
supportive factors, they become
elements of propelling us
into our multi-dimensionality.
Because when you
land in the body
and you build the circuitry
to take the distortion away,
you see what's real.
And what's real isn't just
a life here that's easier,
what's real is that this is
the truth of who you are.
That's what's real, folks.
This is who you are.
And if you're not
experiencing life this way,
there's a reason, and
it's a circuitry issue.
And that's it.
It's just a circuitry
issue that allows
you to build enough circuits.
So what do I mean by that,
when you squeeze this area
and started to breathe it up
and down the central channel,
you're creating with your mind--
your mind focuses its attention
on things and they magnify.
Have you noticed that?
Whatever you pay attention
to, it magnifies.
The power of the mental
field-- the mind field--
magnifies and
therefore manifests.
So when we move the
mind in a certain way,
we have an effect on the tiniest
particles of consciousness.
The tiniest particles of light--
that's not really a particle,
but the form of light,
just as it's becoming affiliated
with the physical dimension
on the spectrum, is a photon.
You familiar with photons?
Just tiny particles, OK?
Tiny particles that
are so tiny that when
you think about them, when
you think something into them,
they rearrange in accordance
with your thought, OK?
Create a vacuum, randomly-placed
photons are in there.
You think a thought into
that vacuum and the photons
arrange in accordance
with what you thought.
Yeah!
OK?
Well when photons
move around, they
have an effect on electrons, OK?
When electrons get affected,
you start to en masse,
you start to create mass, you
start to create physicality,
it becomes more tangible,
more able to be perceived.
So what we're doing with
the energy codes work
is we're building more
photon density at the core.
Because when we landed
and we splatted,
our attention went out there.
And our faculties, our
senses, our perception
is all about the outer world.
The whole idea is turn it
inward and build the densities
and the quickening in
your core so that you
have a subconscious sense of
self that is available to you
ongoing.
So that you always
know who you are,
you don't look out
there to figure it out.
You don't look out there
for feedback for someone
to tell you who you
are, you feel that you
know it, you are that, got it?
So we're creating
photon density,
and we're carving a
pathway of communication
through this
electromagnetic energy
field with our consciousness,
which is who we are,
and that's all we are.
You're pure awareness
and that's it.
You're not a thing,
you're availability,
that's what you are.
You're just here,
observing, creating.
That's what you're here to do.
You're using a mind to
help you manifest things.
But when we've been
oriented externally,
we are using the mind
to defend ourselves,
to protect ourselves, because
the outer world looks crazy.
Well, the outer world
is just a byproduct
of your own craziness, OK?
[LAUGHTER]
You got it?
It's a byproduct of you being
in the splat, that's all it is.
You're creating in a
splatted kind of way.
And so it looks like your world
is just distorted and dispersed
and unfair and
unkind and unloving
and you've got to protect
yourself, and all of that
is true only at a certain
level of consciousness.
So I'd really love to raise
the level of consciousness
in a very tangible, scientific,
realistic, reproducible sort
of way.
In fact, it's what I've been
doing for the last 18 years.
And the people in the community
that I've been studying with me
are having transformative
impacts in their life.
They're dealing
with grief, they're
dealing with what looked
like loss, they're
dealing with emotions of guilt
and shame and fear in ways
that they never
dreamed possible.
Not by the level of story, but
by working with the raw energy
beings that we really
are in a masterful way.
That doesn't get
involved in the prejudice
of liking certain energies
and not liking other energies.
You got it?
You tracking?
So what you just
did by hugging--
and it's just a tiny
little example of what
I want to teach you but what you
just did by squeezing that area
and breathing it up and
down the central channel
is you started to create through
the chaos a pathway of flow
through the electromagnetic
energy field.
And what happens then
is photon density,
and then what happens
is electron influence,
and what happens then is
mass begins to be amassed,
and as that occurs,
the subconscious
picks up on a sense of
soul a sense of self
deep inside your
core, which allows
you to stay in an
unwavering fashion
when somebody approaches
you in their own wobble
with their own stuff.
You don't get in your wobble
because of someone else's.
You become the absolute
unifying presence
on the planet that
allows this machine--
get this.
This is actually a
transmuting machine.
So if you can look at this image
and imagine that this is you,
this is the real you, you've
projected your consciousness
into the third dimension.
And this-- the way
that it happens
when it becomes so
dense, that it drops
into this heavy world
called the third dimension,
is that it's a stream of energy
that hits and rises up again.
And this whole momentum of
the toric field flow, this
is moving constantly.
It's rolling out
constantly, unfolding.
It's a transmuting machine.
That's what you are.
You are a transmuting machine.
But because we
don't have awareness
that that's who we
are, we think we're
in reaction to the outer world.
So we don't even use
the equipment the way
that it was built to be used,
you follow what I'm saying?
You're here to turn
it up, to chew it up,
to turn it into something
more beautiful than how
you found it.
My mother's saying was, leave
it better than you found it, OK?
Leave it better
than you found it.
And that's exactly
what we're here to do.
We're here to bring the
light into the density
of the third dimension.
And you are seated
in a vehicle that
was designed to do it
for you, to do it as you,
to collaborate with you.
But we think it's
all about the mind
and all about the
nervous system and all
about these ancillary
systems-- and they're huge
and they're important,
but there is a frontier
that quantum science is pointing
us to, begging us to enter,
causing us to update
even our spirituality.
Because we are not
separate from God.
We are the God stuff coming
into the third dimension
to transmute it and bring it to
a higher vibrational frequency.
And the key, my folks, is love.
So when you grab and
squeeze and hug these areas
and breathe them up and down
the central channel, please
do it in the spirit of
love, because that's
your true nature.
And everything else
is just mechanistic.
Everything else
is just a vehicle.
It is through light
and love that you
transmute these
frequencies into something
that can truly make change.
So we have to find ways
to gather and to support
each other in learning how
to use the equipment that we
are made of.
And as we do, we start to
embody unity consciousness.
And when that happens,
the future is now.
When that happens,
what's next or what's
going to happen on
the next horizon
is happening in this now moment.
Because the idea of time and
space is only an illusion.
It is only something that
this splatted, dispersed mind
field can perceive.
Because in time, we will get
what I'm saying either way.
Before you leave
this life experience,
you will awaken to
what I'm talking about.
This is how you go.
There's not a doubt in
my mind of what you're
going to see when you do.
And the invitation is, why wait?
We don't have to wait.
We're here to--
that's why we came.
It's not to catch
it on the way out.
We came to remember
and live as this this.
Is the key.
We have to learn how to do it.
First things first are
techniques and tools
that make it possible.
Not just a theory.
This is about embodiment.
Enlightenment came
as a gift to me.
My work became about
embodiment, how
to embody that
which I awaken to.
And I've devoted my
life to doing that.
I get on an airplane and
go somewhere in the world
every week and teach
this and work with people
and show them the details,
the nuances of how
this is important,
how to do it, and what
can happen in their lives
as a byproduct of that,
living as the creators that
we are truly meant to be.
So it's a quantum world that
is allowing us to recognize.
Folks, we are it.
We are the creators.
We are it.
We are here bringing
that creative essence
to the third dimension.
We are compressing ourselves
into this dimension
for a purpose.
You are what you've
been looking for.
It's behind the eyes.
It's the one that the
third eye can perceive.
And so we have to create
a stabilized system enough
that we can allow
that third eye to open
without it being destructive
or disruptive to our lives.
As the people who are
having their third eye
open by an external
means oftentimes
are not stabilized here.
And so it opens and
they have a bad ride,
or they get depressed afterward
because they want to go back,
and so then they become
addicted to the thing that
gets them in the neighborhood
of what I'm speaking about.
And I'm not speaking
negatively about those things.
By all means, do whatever
you feel called to do.
But when I have helped people
in the processes of doing
some of those external--
externally-oriented
modalities, they
are divinely
appreciating the fact
that they can integrate the
experiences that they're
having.
So the work that I'm
teaching, "The Energy Codes,"
it facilitates and assists
any other healing modality
that exists.
From-- full spectrum,
all of them if you
learn to come into
your core and breathe
in this central channel.
So this Mula Bandha, the root
lock and squeezing the heart.
And the next thing
that I'd like you to do
is just roll your eyes
up and feel this tension
behind your eyes.
And take a deep breath
in from overhead
and breathe right through that
tension behind your eyes, right
through your throat.
And maybe you
squeeze your throat,
like Ujjayi breathing so
you can feel that vibration.
And then squeeze your heart,
and then squeeze this root lock
at the base of the pelvic bowl,
and then exhale into the Earth.
And then take an inhale up from
the Earth into your belly--
always barely breathing,
always through the nose--
and then exhale up through
the central channel
and at the top of your head
because when you do this,
you start to create
this photon density.
So how often to do this?
Never not.
Always take a breath
from beyond your body
through your body to beyond
your body when you exhale,
because when you do, you
start to animate and activate
and validate the fact that
you are also a subtle self.
In fact, that's
who you are first.
You are actually this.
And you've created this as
you moved yourself or pierced
yourself in to this
physical dimension.
Capeesh?
So it's been a great
pleasure, you guys.
>> Thank you, Dr. Sue, for
leaving us better than where we
came in this room.
>> Absolutely.
We gotta leave it
better than we find it.
Awesome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]